Introduce PowerShell script to replace unix symlinks (#15)
3rdparty/dev-tools: README.md

```
cd dev-tools && ./bootstrap
```

> ## symlinks.ps1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `symlinks.ps1`
```

> On `Windows` unix symlink doesn't not work as expected (check [this](https://github.com/3rdparty/eventuals/issues/153) issue). That's why we have been created `symlinks.ps1` PowerShell script. To run this script do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On `Windows` unix symlink doesn't not work as expected (check [this](https://github.com/3rdparty/eventuals/issues/153) issue). That's why we have created `symlinks.ps1` PowerShell script. To run this script do the following:
```

- Make sure if you are able to create symlinks on Windows:

>     - Check [this](https://github.com/git-for-windows/git/wiki/Symbolic-Links) if you do not know how allow non-admins to create symbolic links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Check [this](https://github.com/git-for-windows/git/wiki/Symbolic-Links) if you do not know how to allow non-admins to create symbolic links.
```

- Unblock the script

>     - Right-click the script and choose Properties. In the Properties   dialog, if available, select the Unblock checkbox and press OK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Right-click the script and choose Properties. In the Properties dialog, if available, select the Unblock checkbox and press OK.
```

> - If it still doesn’t work now, type the following in a PowerShell window: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If it still doesn’t work, type the following in a PowerShell window: 
```

    - ```Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned```

> - Run `symlinks.ps1` from your root space containing `dev-tools` submodule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `symlinks.ps1` from the workspace containing the `dev-tools` submodule:
```

>     - ```.\dev-tools.\symlinks.ps1```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ```.\path\to\dev-tools\symlinks.ps1```
```

Or do you need that extra `.`? I don't know PowerShell.

```suggestion
    - ```.\path\to\dev-tools.\symlinks.ps1```
```

Author: Yep. We need to use `.`. If no we will get into the error:
![error](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68085133/146797802-d2acfa64-7253-41ea-8257-584fc9c5b934.png)

Author: If we wanna run script from another folder => than the following command is legal: ```\some\path\script.ps1```.
If we run script from the current folder => we should use `.\`!
